Number of Rounds and cut recommendation changes (#7)
MonarchDevelopment/MIPG-and-MSTR: MSTR.md

For Multiplayer tournaments, in a configuration of four (4) players per Pod, it is recommended to use the following number of rounds:

| Players | Swiss Rounds                                                     | Playoff |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| 4       | None (Run 1 Single elimination round)                            | None    |
| 5-15    | 2                                                                | Top 4   |
| 16-32   | 3                                                                | Top 4   |
| 33-64   | 4                                                                | Top 16  |
| 65-128  | 5                                                                | Top 16  |
| 129-256 | 5                                                                | Top 40  |

For Multiplayer tournaments with more than 257 participants, perform a Top 40 Playoff an apply the following mathematical formula to figure out the number of rounds to play:

$$ {\text{Rounded up }(\log_4(\text{number of players})) + 1} $$

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5087/215114736-5f1488d8-2927-4845-a9dc-20201aaa1250.png)

> _With 1024+ players the recommended number of rounds becomes 6. In any case, you may want to consider splitting very large events into smaller ones that get merged afterwards_ 

Author: ```suggestion
_With between 257 till 1024 players, the recommended number of rounds is 6.

_With 1024+ players the recommended number of rounds becomes 7. In any case, you may want to consider splitting very large events into smaller ones that get merged afterwards_ 
```

For Multiplayer tournaments, in a configuration of four (4) players per Pod, it is recommended to use the following number of rounds:

| Players | Swiss Rounds                                                     | Playoff |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| 4       | None (Run 1 Single elimination round)                            | None    |
| 5-15    | 2                                                                | Top 4   |
| 16-32   | 3                                                                | Top 4   |
| 33-64   | 4                                                                | Top 16  |
| 65-128  | 5                                                                | Top 16  |
| 129-256 | 5                                                                | Top 40  |

For Multiplayer tournaments with more than 257 participants, perform a Top 40 Playoff an apply the following mathematical formula to figure out the number of rounds to play:

$$ {\text{Rounded up }(\log_4(\text{number of players})) + 1} $$

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5087/215114736-5f1488d8-2927-4845-a9dc-20201aaa1250.png)

> _With between 257 till 1024 players, the recommended number of rounds is 6.

Author: ```suggestion
_With between 257 till 1024 players, the recommended number of rounds is 6._
```

> _With between 257 till 1024 players, the recommended number of rounds is 6._

Author: ```suggestion
_Between 257 and 1024 players, the recommended number of rounds is 6._
```

> _With 1024+ players the recommended number of rounds becomes 7. In any case, you may want to consider splitting very large events into smaller ones that get merged afterwards_ 

Author: ```suggestion
_With 1024+ players the recommended number of rounds becomes 7._

_In any case, you may want to consider splitting very large events into smaller ones that get merged afterwards_ 
```

**Policy Additions**

For Multiplayer tournaments, in a configuration of four (4) players per Pod, it is recommended to use the following number of rounds:

| Players | Swiss Rounds                                                     | Playoff |
| ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| 4       | None (Run 1 Single elimination round)                            | None    |
| 5-15    | 2                                                                | Top 4   |

> | 16-32   | 3                                                                | Top 4   |

Author: ```suggestion
| 16-32   | 3                                                                | Top 10  |
```
